There is a gift that comes from above,
A lovely gift called being in love.
When two hearts begin to beat as one,
Then a wonderful time has begun.
It’s simple, so easy.
And it’s something we know.
With a threefold cord,
Love will grow.
With Jehovah to guide us in all that we do,
How I love to be truly in love
With someone like you,
Someone like you.
Trials will come our way,
But our love will grow stronger each day.
We will build a bond that no one can break.
We will build a love that no one will take.
No, no, no one, no.
It’s simple, so easy.
And it’s something we know.
With a threefold cord,
Love will grow.
With Jehovah to guide us in all that we do,
How I love to be truly in love
With someone like you,
Someone like you.
Nothing can destroy our love.
This precious gift is from our God up above.
Exclusive devotion​
—‘love’s as strong as death.’
You are “bone of my bones”;
you are “flesh of my flesh,”
Such an excellent woman in all that you do.
I will spend all my life loving you.
I want you to know how I feel
’Cause my love for you is so very real.
I bless the day you came into my life.
I bless the day I made you my wife.
Yes, I do.
It’s simple, so easy.
And it’s something we know.
With a threefold cord,
Love will grow.
With Jehovah to guide us in all that we do,
How I love to be truly in love
With someone like you,
Someone like you.
How I love to be truly in love
With someone like you.